so is they are active duty service member you still pay income taxes and
you pay state taxes depending on what a home residency that you claim
on your taxes so states like Florida Texas they don't have state
takes state taxes but if you have sales taxes so say for example Georgia
Georgia has a state income tax of six percent so because I'm
a residency of Florida don't have to pay state income taxes as far as
pays the bonuses you do pay taxes on your bonuses and you pay taxes
on your basic income or your your income every month if you are operating
in a tax free zone say overseas or in a combat zone you don't
pay taxes on any of your your allotments with that being said a lot
of people they'll go and you know a list in tax free zones and that
way they get their full bonus this is a little two bit as far as deductions
you are not allowed to deduct things like hair cuts from what
I understand uniforms mileage on transportation you you can't deduct
that those kinds of things but you can like I say you're allowed
to avoid state taxes by whatever residency you claim as a state